
The main goal of our project was to create a tool for formal reasoning
in a knowledge representation framework called Description Logic. More
specifically a solver for Description Logic. Description Logic find
many uses in Artificial Intelligence, Bioinformatics and Web
Semantic. The latter is one of the most prominent examples of
application of Description Logic since it provides a way create a
knowledge domain for websites, and hence has potential to improve the
``surfing on the web'' experience.

More specifically our software provides a tool for showing
satisfiability or otherwise unsatisfiability in Description Logic by
generating a model (for satisfiability) or a proof (otherwise). The
program was written in Haskell for the GHC (Glasgow Haskell Compiler)
Platform and is intented to run on most platforms. It has been tested
on Windows, Mac OS X and Linux and is licensed under the open-source
license GPL 3.0. Additionally it requires Graphivz, Latex and Cabal to
be installed.

Unlike most other Description Logic solvers which are focused on Web
Semantics our software is targeted for academia: it is highly flexible
especially since the software has been written in the high level
language Haskell which is particularly well suited for Description
Logic and also since it is open-source; also it focuses on providing
short, correct and clear output of the obtained models and proofs in a
graphical or a textual format, thus the software can help study the
theory of Description Logic.

